# CMClientQuery

a client query object

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**organisation_id** | **str** | the organisation (its guid id). | 
**kb_list** | **List[str]** | a list of knowledge-base id&#39;s (guids) to use | 
**client_id** | **str** | the client&#39;s id (a unique guid for keeping state against clients) | 
**semantic_search** | **bool** | should we perform a semantic-search? | 
**qna_query** | **bool** | should we perform a Q&amp;A search? | 
**query** | **str** | the user&#39;s search query | 
**filter** | **str** | a filter expression generated by the UX | 
**num_results** | **int** | the number of results to return for the Q&amp;A system (recommend 1, which returns the &#39;best match&#39; only) | 
**score_threshold** | **float** | A threshold for answer rejection, recommend a value of around 81.25% (0.8125).  This value is between 0.0 and 1.0.  If this value is too low, you&#39;ll get bad answers, and if this value is too high you will only get exact matches. | 
**page** | **int** | search engine pagination, the offset page starting at 0 | 
**page_size** | **int** | search engine pagination, the number of results per page | 
**fragment_count** | **int** | search engine pagination, the number of sentences matching per document (aka. document-sentence fragments) | 
**max_word_distance** | **int** | how far apart words are allowed to be before they stop matching.  A value of zero (0) allows any distance within the document and is akin to a document level keyword search. | 
**source_id** | **str** | The id of source (an integer) to filter results for.  You can only filter on one source per knowledge-base.  Leaving this value zero (0) indicates all sources should be searched. | 
**shard_size_list** | **List[int]** | Index sharding values.  These are used by the internal engine to determine the status of results across different shards in SimSage.  Leave this value alone.  It is set by SimSage.  Pass it back to SimSage as you got it if you&#39;re paginating the same query. | 
**spelling_suggest** | **bool** | should the search-engine return spelling-suggestions for items not understood? | 
**group_similar_documents** | **bool** | should the search-engine group similar documents together | 
**sort_by_age** | **bool** | should the search-engine sort results by age | 
**use_question_answering_ai** | **bool** | use ChatGPT or equivalent to answer queries | 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.cm_client_query import CMClientQuery

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of CMClientQuery from a JSON string
cm_client_query_instance = CMClientQuery.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print CMClientQuery.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
cm_client_query_dict = cm_client_query_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of CMClientQuery from a dict
cm_client_query_form_dict = cm_client_query.from_dict(cm_client_query_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


