# CMSource

A SimSage source object used for updating and creating SimSage crawlers/connections to external silos like Sharepoint, OneDrive, Exchange, DropBox, Box, iManage, and others.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**source_id** | **int** | the source-id, primary key of the source | 
**organisation_id** | **str** | the main organisation (its guid id) for this source/crawler | 
**kb_id** | **str** | the knowledge-base id (its guid id) for this source/crawler | 
**weight** | **float** | the importance of this source relative to others &lt;0.0,1.0] | 
**node_id** | **int** | the system&#39;s node id of this source (what kubernetes-node to run on, starting with zero, set NODE_ID in env to manipulate this value).  Sources will only run on machines with a matching node-id | 
**name** | **str** | the display-name (descriptive name) of this source.  The source&#39;s name must be unique within a knowledge-base. | 
**crawler_type** | **str** | the type of this source | 
**schedule** | **str** | the time-schedule of this crawler, when active and when not repeating in a weekly-per hour cycle in GMT time.  Empty string means not active at all | 
**delete_files** | **bool** | Should this crawler remove files that are no longer visible after a crawl completes without errors?  Used for sources that cannot report on file/data removal. | 
**allow_anonymous** | **bool** | Is the content of this crawler accessible anonymously (ie. no permissions/ACLs required).  Some crawlers like the web crawler always have this value as true.  NB.  Setting this flag to \&quot;true\&quot; will bypass any security on the source&#39;s own ACLs and make all its content available to everyone. | 
**processing_level** | **str** | How much processing should SimSage give each file of this source.  As defined internally in ProcessingLevel.  level 1, CONVERT: convert all document binaries to text (creates metadata text).  level 2, PARSE: NLP process the files (creates sentences and tokens for all text).  level 3, INDEX: create inverted indexes for files (creates indexes). | 
**enable_preview** | **bool** | Generate per-document image-preview information as well as full HTML previews if set to \&quot;true\&quot;. | 
**files_per_second** | **float** | Any value greater than 0 will cause the crawler to sleep for as many milliseconds between file uploads. | 
**specific_json** | **str** | A json string with specific values for this type of source.  Generated by the SimSage administrative system. | 
**session_id** | **str** | a valid session-guid id. | 
**max_items** | **int** | Set a content limit for the maximum number of items to contain for this source.  A value of zero (0) indicates no limits. | 
**max_bot_items** | **int** | Set a Question and Answer content limit for the maximum number of deep-learning Q&amp;A items this source can contain.  A value of zero (0) indicates no limits. | 
**custom_render** | **bool** | Does this source require custom render templates or use ordinary search-results? | 
**edge_device_id** | **str** | The associated Edge device for this source (or empty string if not associated with one) | 
**num_results** | **int** | the default number of search results to return from the semantic-search system | 
**num_fragments** | **int** | the number of fragments to return per search-result from the semantic-search system.  Affects accuracy, a value of \&quot;1\&quot; will only look at the first match.  Higher values look for more matches inside a single document.  Too high a value will affect performance.  Default value \&quot;3\&quot;. | 
**num_errors** | **int** | the number of errors from the last source-run | 
**error_threshold** | **int** | the number of errors allowed before failing the source and not force-removing any files at the end of a run through an external source. | 
**start_time** | **int** | when the last run of this source started | 
**end_time** | **int** | when the last run of this source finished | 
**acls** | [**List[CMDocumentAcl]**](CMDocumentAcl.md) | A list for overwriting security permission for a source.  Can be empty.  Use this to override security on external systems. | 
**is_crawling** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source busy/active. | 
**num_crawled_documents** | **int** | the number of documents seen by the crawler thus-far. | 
**num_converted_documents** | **int** | the number of documents converted by SimSage thus-far. | 
**num_parsed_documents** | **int** | the number of documents parsed by SimSage thus-far. | 
**num_indexed_documents** | **int** | the number of documents indexed by SimSage thus-far. | 
**num_finished_documents** | **int** | the number of finished (fully processed) by SimSage thus-far. | 
**num_errored_documents** | **int** | the number of errored documents by SimSage thus-far. | 
**num_total_documents** | **int** | the total number of documents for this source in SimSage. | 
**num_total_errored_documents** | **int** | the total number of documents for this source marked as errored in SimSage. | 
**use_default_relationships** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to use the default (built-in) SimSage relationships.  All user-defined relationships and language-entities will be used regardless of the value of this flag. | 
**is_busy** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is currently being optimized / processed by the index-optimizer. | 
**store_binary** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to store all documents locally on the SimSage platform | 
**versioned** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to store all versions of documents locally on the SimSage platform | 
**write_to_cassandra** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to write any changes direct to Cassandra, otherwise this source will collect indexes on disk first (for initial loading) | 
**processor_config** | **str** | Json string defining any optional processors configured on the source | 
**enable_document_similarity** | **bool** | enable document similarity calculations. | 
**document_similarity_threshold** | **float** | the document similarity threshold for grouping documents, a value between 0.75 and 1.0 | 
**is_external** | **bool** | is this crawler to be connected as an external source using our external crawler software? | 
**use_ocr** | **bool** | enable OCR processing for files in this source? | 
**use_stt** | **bool** | enable Speech-to-text processing for files in this source? | 
**delta_indicator** | **str** | A saved value indicating last crawler state | 
**transmit_external_logs** | **bool** | enabling sending of logs to SimSage for external crawlers | 
**source_error** | [**CMSourceError**](CMSourceError.md) |  | 
**external** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**crawling** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**busy** | **bool** |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.cm_source import CMSource

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of CMSource from a JSON string
cm_source_instance = CMSource.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print CMSource.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
cm_source_dict = cm_source_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of CMSource from a dict
cm_source_form_dict = cm_source.from_dict(cm_source_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


