# Org.OpenAPITools.Model.CMSource
A SimSage source object used for updating and creating SimSage crawlers/connections to external silos like Sharepoint, OneDrive, Exchange, DropBox, Box, iManage, and others.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**SourceId** | **int** | the source-id, primary key of the source | 
**OrganisationId** | **string** | the main organisation (its guid id) for this source/crawler | 
**KbId** | **string** | the knowledge-base id (its guid id) for this source/crawler | 
**NodeId** | **int** | the system&#39;s node id of this source (what kubernetes-node to run on, starting with zero, set NODE_ID in env to manipulate this value).  Sources will only run on machines with a matching node-id | 
**Name** | **string** | the display-name (descriptive name) of this source.  The source&#39;s name must be unique within a knowledge-base. | 
**CrawlerType** | **string** | the type of this source | 
**Schedule** | **string** | the time-schedule of this crawler, when active and when not repeating in a weekly-per hour cycle in GMT time.  Empty string means not active at all | 
**DeleteFiles** | **bool** | Should this crawler remove files that are no longer visible after a crawl completes without errors?  Used for sources that cannot report on file/data removal. | 
**AllowAnonymous** | **bool** | Is the content of this crawler accessible anonymously (ie. no permissions/ACLs required).  Some crawlers like the web crawler always have this value as true.  NB.  Setting this flag to \&quot;true\&quot; will bypass any security on the source&#39;s own ACLs and make all its content available to everyone. | 
**ProcessingLevel** | **string** | How much processing should SimSage give each file of this source.  As defined internally in ProcessingLevel.  level 1, CONVERT: convert all document binaries to text (creates metadata text).  level 2, PARSE: NLP process the files (creates sentences and tokens for all text).  level 3, INDEX: create inverted indexes for files (creates indexes). | 
**EnablePreview** | **bool** | Generate per-document image-preview information as well as full HTML previews if set to \&quot;true\&quot;. | 
**FilesPerSecond** | **float** | Any value greater than 0.0 (can be fractional) indicates SimSage should limit how many requests it makes from the remote entity we&#39;re integrating with. | 
**SpecificJson** | **string** | A json string with specific values for this type of source.  Generated by the SimSage administrative system. | 
**SessionId** | **string** | a valid session-guid id. | 
**MaxItems** | **long** | Set a content limit for the maximum number of items to contain for this source.  A value of zero (0) indicates no limits. | 
**MaxBotItems** | **long** | Set a Question and Answer content limit for the maximum number of deep-learning Q&amp;A items this source can contain.  A value of zero (0) indicates no limits. | 
**CustomRender** | **bool** | Does this source require custom render templates or use ordinary search-results? | 
**EdgeDeviceId** | **string** | The associated Edge device for this source (or empty string if not associated with one) | 
**QaMatchStrength** | **float** | the default threshold for matching deep-learning vector matching results (value should be between 0.7 and 0.99) | 
**NumResults** | **int** | the default number of search results to return from the semantic-search system | 
**NumFragments** | **int** | the number of fragments to return per search-result from the semantic-search system.  Affects accuracy, a value of \&quot;1\&quot; will only look at the first match.  Higher values look for more matches inside a single document.  Too high a value will affect performance.  Default value \&quot;3\&quot;. | 
**NumErrors** | **int** | the number of errors from the last source-run | 
**ErrorThreshold** | **int** | the number of errors allowed before failing the source and not force-removing any files at the end of a run through an external source. | 
**StartTime** | **long** | when the last run of this source started | 
**EndTime** | **long** | when the last run of this source finished | 
**Acls** | [**List&lt;CMDocumentAcl&gt;**](CMDocumentAcl.md) | A list for overwriting security permission for a source.  Can be empty.  Use this to override security on external systems. | 
**IsCrawling** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source busy/active. | 
**NumCrawledDocuments** | **int** | the number of documents seen by the crawler thus-far. | 
**NumConvertedDocuments** | **int** | the number of documents converted by SimSage thus-far. | 
**NumParsedDocuments** | **int** | the number of documents parsed by SimSage thus-far. | 
**NumIndexedDocuments** | **int** | the number of documents indexed by SimSage thus-far. | 
**NumFinishedDocuments** | **int** | the number of finished (fully processed) by SimSage thus-far. | 
**NumTotalDocuments** | **int** | the total number of documents for this source in SimSage. | 
**UseDefaultRelationships** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to use the default (built-in) SimSage relationships.  All user-defined relationships and language-entities will be used regardless of the value of this flag. | 
**IsBusy** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is currently being optimized / processed by the index-optimizer. | 
**AutoOptimize** | **bool** | Do we run the index-optimizer automatically after this source finishes crawling? | 
**StoreBinary** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to store all documents locally on the SimSage platform | 
**Versioned** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to store all versions of documents locally on the SimSage platform | 
**WriteToCassandra** | **bool** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to write any changes direct to Cassandra, otherwise this source will collect indexes on disk first (for initial loading) | 
**ProcessorConfig** | **string** | Json string defining any optional processors configured on the source | 
**EnableDocumentSimilarity** | **bool** | enable document similarity calculations. | 
**DocumentSimilarityThreshold** | **float** | the document similarity threshold for grouping documents, a value between 0.75 and 1.0 | 
**IsExternal** | **bool** | is this crawler to be connected as an external source using our external crawler software? | 
**UseOCR** | **bool** | enable OCR processing for files in this source? | 
**UseSTT** | **bool** | enable Speech-to-text processing for files in this source? | 
**External** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**Crawling** | **bool** |  | [optional] 
**Busy** | **bool** |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

