
# CMSource

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**sourceId** | **kotlin.Int** | the source-id, primary key of the source | 
**organisationId** | **kotlin.String** | the main organisation (its guid id) for this source/crawler | 
**kbId** | **kotlin.String** | the knowledge-base id (its guid id) for this source/crawler | 
**weight** | **kotlin.Float** | the importance of this source relative to others &lt;0.0,1.0] | 
**nodeId** | **kotlin.Int** | the system&#39;s node id of this source (what kubernetes-node to run on, starting with zero, set NODE_ID in env to manipulate this value).  Sources will only run on machines with a matching node-id | 
**name** | **kotlin.String** | the display-name (descriptive name) of this source.  The source&#39;s name must be unique within a knowledge-base. | 
**crawlerType** | **kotlin.String** | the type of this source | 
**schedule** | **kotlin.String** | the time-schedule of this crawler, when active and when not repeating in a weekly-per hour cycle in GMT time.  Empty string means not active at all | 
**deleteFiles** | **kotlin.Boolean** | Should this crawler remove files that are no longer visible after a crawl completes without errors?  Used for sources that cannot report on file/data removal. | 
**allowAnonymous** | **kotlin.Boolean** | Is the content of this crawler accessible anonymously (ie. no permissions/ACLs required).  Some crawlers like the web crawler always have this value as true.  NB.  Setting this flag to \&quot;true\&quot; will bypass any security on the source&#39;s own ACLs and make all its content available to everyone. | 
**processingLevel** | **kotlin.String** | How much processing should SimSage give each file of this source.  As defined internally in ProcessingLevel.  level 1, CONVERT: convert all document binaries to text (creates metadata text).  level 2, PARSE: NLP process the files (creates sentences and tokens for all text).  level 3, INDEX: create inverted indexes for files (creates indexes). | 
**enablePreview** | **kotlin.Boolean** | Generate per-document image-preview information as well as full HTML previews if set to \&quot;true\&quot;. | 
**filesPerSecond** | **kotlin.Float** | Any value greater than 0 will cause the crawler to sleep for as many milliseconds between file uploads. | 
**specificJson** | **kotlin.String** | A json string with specific values for this type of source.  Generated by the SimSage administrative system. | 
**sessionId** | **kotlin.String** | a valid session-guid id. | 
**maxItems** | **kotlin.Long** | Set a content limit for the maximum number of items to contain for this source.  A value of zero (0) indicates no limits. | 
**maxBotItems** | **kotlin.Long** | Set a Question and Answer content limit for the maximum number of deep-learning Q&amp;A items this source can contain.  A value of zero (0) indicates no limits. | 
**customRender** | **kotlin.Boolean** | Does this source require custom render templates or use ordinary search-results? | 
**edgeDeviceId** | **kotlin.String** | The associated Edge device for this source (or empty string if not associated with one) | 
**numResults** | **kotlin.Int** | the default number of search results to return from the semantic-search system | 
**numFragments** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of fragments to return per search-result from the semantic-search system.  Affects accuracy, a value of \&quot;1\&quot; will only look at the first match.  Higher values look for more matches inside a single document.  Too high a value will affect performance.  Default value \&quot;3\&quot;. | 
**numErrors** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of errors from the last source-run | 
**errorThreshold** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of errors allowed before failing the source and not force-removing any files at the end of a run through an external source. | 
**startTime** | **kotlin.Long** | when the last run of this source started | 
**endTime** | **kotlin.Long** | when the last run of this source finished | 
**acls** | [**kotlin.collections.List&lt;CMDocumentAcl&gt;**](CMDocumentAcl.md) | A list for overwriting security permission for a source.  Can be empty.  Use this to override security on external systems. | 
**isCrawling** | **kotlin.Boolean** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source busy/active. | 
**numCrawledDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of documents seen by the crawler thus-far. | 
**numConvertedDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of documents converted by SimSage thus-far. | 
**numParsedDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of documents parsed by SimSage thus-far. | 
**numIndexedDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of documents indexed by SimSage thus-far. | 
**numFinishedDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of finished (fully processed) by SimSage thus-far. | 
**numErroredDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the number of errored documents by SimSage thus-far. | 
**numTotalDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the total number of documents for this source in SimSage. | 
**numTotalErroredDocuments** | **kotlin.Int** | the total number of documents for this source marked as errored in SimSage. | 
**useDefaultRelationships** | **kotlin.Boolean** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to use the default (built-in) SimSage relationships.  All user-defined relationships and language-entities will be used regardless of the value of this flag. | 
**isBusy** | **kotlin.Boolean** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is currently being optimized / processed by the index-optimizer. | 
**storeBinary** | **kotlin.Boolean** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to store all documents locally on the SimSage platform | 
**versioned** | **kotlin.Boolean** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to store all versions of documents locally on the SimSage platform | 
**writeToCassandra** | **kotlin.Boolean** | \&quot;true\&quot; if this source is to write any changes direct to Cassandra, otherwise this source will collect indexes on disk first (for initial loading) | 
**processorConfig** | **kotlin.String** | Json string defining any optional processors configured on the source | 
**enableDocumentSimilarity** | **kotlin.Boolean** | enable document similarity calculations. | 
**documentSimilarityThreshold** | **kotlin.Float** | the document similarity threshold for grouping documents, a value between 0.75 and 1.0 | 
**isExternal** | **kotlin.Boolean** | is this crawler to be connected as an external source using our external crawler software? | 
**useOCR** | **kotlin.Boolean** | enable OCR processing for files in this source? | 
**useSTT** | **kotlin.Boolean** | enable Speech-to-text processing for files in this source? | 
**deltaIndicator** | **kotlin.String** | A saved value indicating last crawler state | 
**transmitExternalLogs** | **kotlin.Boolean** | enabling sending of logs to SimSage for external crawlers | 
**sourceError** | [**CMSourceError**](CMSourceError.md) |  | 
**&#x60;external&#x60;** | **kotlin.Boolean** |  |  [optional]
**crawling** | **kotlin.Boolean** |  |  [optional]
**busy** | **kotlin.Boolean** |  |  [optional]



